♪ Sous le dôme épais♪
♪ Ou le blanc jasmin♪
♪ A la rose s'assemble♪
♪ Sur la rive en fleurs♪
♪ Riant au matin♪
♪ Viens, descendons ensemble♪
♪ Sous le dôme épais♪[Exhales sharply]
♪ Ou le blanc jasmin♪
♪ Ah, descendons♪
S-Sir.
Alicia's here for you.
Divine providence.
What happened to you?
There are days when one
must swipe the slate clean, Wes.
Today is
one of them.
She didn't come alone.
Strand:
The gang's all here.
[Sighs]
To what do we owe the pleasure,
Alicia?
Alicia:
I think you know.
Eh, it seems
you brought company.
Yet,
Morgan isn't amongst it.
Does he plan on making
a grand entrance or something?
He's somewhere safe
with the baby.
Somewhere
where you won't find him.
Leave it to a coward
to run for the hills.
Auspicious of you
showing up like this.
I was going to call you.
What for?
To talk.
So talk.
Not like this.
Come inside.
Have a drink with me.
Is this you waving
the white flag?
[Scoffs]
We'll talk about that
on the inside.
One drink.
Just us.
♪♪
One drink.
What are you doing?
♪♪
I've got it covered.
Wes, is there something
you want to say?
[Sighs] You drove Alicia away
for a reason.
You let her in here, you could
lose everything you've built.
I won't.
I assure you.
Now, be a gem
and fetch us a bottle
of Luna Fontezula 12
from cold storage, eh?
♪♪
Oh.
And when the sun
goes down...
be ready.
♪♪
[Elevator bell dings]
Daniel:
Get off of me!
You'll have
to excuse them.
We take security
quite seriously around here.
Daniel...
you weren't invited.
Ranger: He pushed
through the barrier
and almost broke
Stern's neck.
Hmm.
The agreement was for you
and you only.
I didn't ask him
to come.
I want to see Ofelia.
Ofelia?
He's not well.
Take him
to the basement.
Daniel,
it's gonna be okay.
If you hurt him --
No.
That's what the roof is for.
We're just gonna put him
on a little time-out.
Luciana lied to him
and told him Ofelia was in here.
I know.
Wes: I've told him.
You can pretend to be outraged
all you want, Alicia,
but at the end
of the day,
you, Morgan, and Luci
are just like Victor.
At least he owns
the shit he does.
You wouldn't be alive
if it weren't for me.
As I recall...
I saved him,
as well.
So which one of you
do I owe my life to?
Well...here we are.
[Chuckles]
Reunited at last.
She shouldn't be here,
Victor.
She and her friends
left me to die in that bunker.
Wes.
Why don't I give you
the grand tour?
You can see what
you've been missing,
and we can have our drinks in
the comfort of my penthouse --
I'm good right here.
To new beginnings.
Something tells me
we have very different ideas
of what that means.
We'll see about that.
You still have it.
♪♪
I took it off Will's body
when I buried him.
After you killed him,
of course.
It still means
something to you.
Do you remember
what you said
when you gave it to me
back at Lawton?
You said you needed
to forget who you were.
For you, for me,
for all of us.
Was it worth it?
Absolutely.
Although, I'd argue that
I didn't forget who I was.
I embraced it.
I know what you
must think of me.
But...
our story isn't over,
Alicia.
It is.
And one way or another,
you won't be running this place
after today.
This isn't about today.Then what is it about?
Tomorrow.
Everything that I've done
since that last night
at Lawton
I've done with hopes
that it would lead us here.
To what?
Me and an army of people
who you pissed off,
shit on,
and left to die...
...ready to kick
your ass.
Do it.
Do what?
Youhave your army.
Ihave mine.
And cut the phone
on the platform.
I don't want anyone
warning them.
Warn them about what?
There's a herd of walkers
trapped in a crater
from one of the blasts,
soaking up some nasty stuff
for months.
I just told my rangers
to lead them here.
[Rumbling]
What is that?
The generator starting.Why?
To power the beacon
to draw the dead
to kill your army.
[Grunts]
♪♪
You think
this is the way to win me over?
You'll come around
eventually.
When I first lit that beacon,
I did it to keep you out.
Now it's
to keep you in.
♪♪
[Walkers growling]
Alicia: Fall back!
Get out of here!
They can't hear you.
Turn off the light,
Strand.
I'm sorry
it had to come to this.
You're gonna kill them!
They were never part
of my vision for this place.
Once we build this place
into what it can be,
you'll understand.
Take her downstairs
till this is all over.
And Daniel?
Take him
to the roof.
♪♪
Are you sure?
An example
must be made.
I'm sorry
I ever doubted you.
♪♪
Okay.
[Grunting]
♪♪
Drop the gun, Alicia.
Don't.
Turn off the light.
Turn off the light!
Strand: You do this,
her entire army
will wipe us out.
Everything I've built
will be gone.
Wes.
[Chuckles]
You think...
he'll listen to you?
If you won't turn it off,
I will.
We're taking a ride up
to the roof.
I have 50 rangers between here
and that light,
all ready
to do as I say
to protect this place.
[Elevator bell dings]
Not when I have a gun
to your head.
♪♪
You're making a mistake,
Alicia --
Shut up.
You're delaying
the inevitable.
You're not calling
the shots anymore.
[Elevator powers down]
Come on.
Come on!
They shut it down.
Emergency protocol.
Then override it.Not a chance.
I'll kill you.
You can't stop
what's coming.
You'd rather die
than give this place up?
You won't kill me.
Wes: Strand, we're here.
Strand!
I'm doing this
for your own good.
No, you're not.
You're doing this for yourself.
We got the elevator
surrounded.You're doing what Teddy did --
locking me up while you destroy
the things I care about.
And I'm gonna tell you
the same thing I told him.
I'm not making the world
the way you want it to be.
[Banging]
♪♪
[Sighs]
I know you feel this way
right now...
but we have a long future
ahead of us.
No.
We don't.Open the door.
What do you mean?
Do I look like
I've got a lot of time left?
Wes told me about the fevers,
but we have antibiotics,
medicine,
a fully-stocked infirmary.
Yeah, it's not gonna work.How do you know?
Because I've tried
everything,
and because
it's getting worse.
Well,
we'll find a way to stop it.
June --
she can figure it out.
No, she won't.
No one survives
what I've been through.
I'm not afraid to die.
[Banging]Strand.
But it can't end
like this.
Not for them.
Strand!
It can't.
Please.
Turn off the light,
and I'll call off
the army.
You have my word.
♪♪
That's not
good enough.
Then what will
be enough?
Strand!
Stay...
here...
in the Tower with me.
I told you,
I'm running out of time.
Then give me
what you have left.
[Banging continues]
I want to show you
that you're wrong about me.
[Banging]Strand!
Do we have a deal?
♪♪
[Elevator bell dings][Guns cock]
Stand down.
It's okay.
Okay.
We'll take her downstairs.
That's not necessary.
We made an agreement.
What the hell
are you talking about?
I agreed to turn
off the light
in exchange
for a cease-fire.
[Scoffs]
She's playing you.
Can't you see that?Uh, no.
They've got us
surrounded.
The second you turn
that light off, we're done.
No, we're not.How do you know?
Because she also agreed
to live in the Tower with me.
Have you
lost your mind?
After everything
you've done,
you think she's just
gonna accept that?
I do.Based on what?
My instincts.Come on.
Listening to them is what has
made this place what it is.
I'm not gonna stop
listening to them now.
[Chuckles]
I can't let you do this.
[Guns cock]
She's your blind spot.
Somebody's got to protect
what you've built.
If you won't do it,
I will.
You're outnumbered,
Wes.
♪♪
You guys want to go back
to living out there?
You want to give all this up
because of what?
His -- His instincts?
The same ones
that lost us the baby?
Uh-oh.The safety of the moat?
That told him to bring
Alicia in here? No.
No, we can't trust
your instincts, Strand,
not anymore.We?
Oh.
Oh, wow.
You want to turn
that light off...
Huh.
...you got to go
through us.
It's over --
for the both of you.
♪♪
Strand: Hmm.
I should have never
let you in here.
Hey.
Get him.
♪♪
[Gunfire]
[Both panting]
We need to warn them.They'll be guarding
the doors like hawks.
The tunnel, too.
We're not gonna be able to
make it to the roof on our own.
We may have one ally left.
Come on.
[Clicks]
Yeah?Wes: Kill the old man.
What?
Strand said that -- Strand's not in charge anymore.
Hey, what the hell's
going on up there?
I've got it handled.
We can't take any chances,
a'ight?
Take him out.
[Grunting]
You know why this
is happening to you?
It's never too late
to learn new things.
When you handcuff
a person,
you put their hands
in the back,
not the front.
[Bone snaps]
♪♪
[Footsteps approaching]
Daniel, stop, stop.
He's here to help.
[Scoffs]Now, I know how it sounds.
Yeah,
like he's lying to us.
The beacon light
is drawing a herd here.
If we don't turn it off,
everyone out there is gonna die.
So, call off your dogs.They're no longer my dogs.
We need your help
to get past them to the roof.
I'm not helping anyone
until I see Ofelia.
[Sighs]She's here.
Where is she?
[Both panting]
Daniel, you remember
what happened in Mexico?
Strand helped you
search for her.
He was gonna reunite you,
but...
she got sick.
You didn't get there
in time.
♪♪
Hey.
Ofelia was sick, yes.
But Strand never
reunited us.
We never found her...
because he kept lying.
Ofelia's alive,
and she is in this Tower.
And you know where she is,
Victor.
Where is she?
Do you want to end up
like your friend here?
She's on the top floor.
Ah, the penthouse.
Smart choice.
Strand.
Are you lying to me?
She's there.
We just need you to help us
to get to her.
♪♪
Okay.
[Gunshot]
They surely heard
that upstairs.
I'm going
to the next level.
We'll hang back,
make sure no one
enters from below.
Alicia: What's the play here,
Strand?
June, Grace, Wendell.
After what happened
with that baby,
I locked them
on the top floor.
What do you
think is gonna happen
when he realizes
Ofelia's not up there?
By that time,
it won't even matter.
We'll free them,
get them on our side.
He'll have to relent.
You're lying to him.
I'm finishing what
Luciana started.
It will destroy him.
I didn't put that thought
into his head.
But if that's what's keeping
this place standing.
Alicia, I know you must think
I'm a monster,
but I'm the same man
I've always been.
I've just stopped
apologizing for it.
Do you actually
believe that?
I do.
And so will you.
That's the reason why
I'm willing to turn
off that light --
because I want you to see
that everything that I've done
was worth it.
♪♪
[Gunshot]
[Body thuds]
Come on!
Okay.
[Sighs]
♪♪
Victor, I...
I ca...
Oh!
Hey! Victor!
We need to get her
to the infirmary.
We have a deal.And I will honor that,
but first,
we need to help her!
Come on!
Come on, come on, come on.
♪♪
Daniel: They found us.
[Gunfire]
We don't
have time for this.
[Gunfire]
♪♪
We need to move, Strand.
Ah!
Epinephrine.
June had this on hand
when I was poisoned.
This could help.
More will be coming.
We need to get
out of here fast.
Okay. Alright.
♪♪
[Sighs]
Daniel: What is this?
It's a record of everyone
in the Tower.
♪♪
Her name
is not on here.
Why?
♪♪
Daniel...
she's not on the top floor.
I only told you that
because I knew
it was the only way
that you would help me.
[Clipboard clatters]
And now I can help you.
Do you want
your daughter?
Well, there she is.
Show me.
♪♪
That's not my daughter.
Where is she?
Ofelia died in Mexico,
Daniel.
Luciana lied to you
the same reason I did.
So you had something
to fight for.
Alicia: [Weakly]
Daniel...
You're always trying
to fool people.
I'm trying to save the closest
thing that I have to a daughter.
Surely you can understand that,
Daniel.
Ofelia's gone.
But it's not as if
you have nothing left.
Charlie.
She means
something to you.
She's sick.
She doesn't have
much time left.
She's not
my daughter!
♪♪
I'm finished with you.
No.
No, Daniel.
♪♪
Maybe you can do for her
what you couldn't for Ofelia.
You could be there
for her.
♪♪
Charlie: Daniel?
Don't look, Charlie.
I don't want you to look at me.
I don't want this to be
what you remember...
of me.
[Voice breaking]
Don't do it, Daniel.
Alicia: He's right.
Daniel...
♪♪
...be the man you wanted
Ofelia to see.
♪♪
[Gasps]
Strand: Easy, now.
That's the adrenaline.
Oh.
How you feelin'?
[Sighs]
Thank you.
Mm.
I should be thanking
you.
He would have killed me
if you hadn't appealed
to his better angels.
What happened to her?
Radiation exposure.
But that doesn't
mean that --
It's worse than what
you were exposed to.
We think it was
Alpha particles
from the same walkers
that are headed here.
June and Grace...
say she may only have
a couple weeks left.
♪♪
There's nothing
that can be done?
I'm afraid not.
All the more reason
to preserve this place,
so at least those weeks
can be spent in here,
not out there.
♪♪
Come on.
Daniel...
we have to go.
I can't leave her --
not now,
not like this.
She needs me.
Can you still go up
to the roof?
Daniel, it's okay.
You can go.No.
No, no, no.
This is where I want to be --
here, with you.
[Sighs]
I'm so sorry
I'm not her.
Oh, don't be.
Don't be.
You helped me remember
why I wanted to find her...
before she died --
Ofelia.
Um, and, you know,
being with you,
it's helping me
to think more clearly.
♪♪
[Chuckles]
We stashed weapons on every
floor after Arno's attack,
so we'd be prepared in case
anybody was planning an encore.
Did you mean it?
Mean what?
What you said
to Daniel.
About me being the closest thing
you had to a daughter.
He and I wanted
the same thing.
I needed him
to know that.
♪♪
You did make him see it.
It wasn't just me
that talked him down.
♪♪
We used to do this sort of thing
all the time --
saving people.
[Scoffs]
What, you mean Wes?
It's been a while,
but despite everything,
I still think we make
a pretty good team.
♪♪
I guess we'll find out.
[Indistinct shouting
in distance]
There are way more of them
than us.
They're gonna
see us coming.
Not necessarily.
♪♪
[Indistinct shouting]
We're flying blind here,
Strand.
Not as blind as they are.
I'll clear the stairwell.
You stay here
and deflect any stragglers.
Are you sure
this is gonna work?
This isn't my first time
walking into the unknown.
♪♪
[Gunfire]
[Indistinct shouting][Gunfire]
♪♪
Strand?
Strand!
Strand: Clear!
Head to the sixth floor!
♪♪
Wes:
Tear gas, Victor?
♪♪
[Scoffs]
Now, those...
remind me
of the day we first met.
[Chuckles]
Yeah, but so much has changed
since then, Victor.
You...
...me...
...her.
Hmm.
I know you want to believe
the best in her, Victor.
I did, too.
But we are who we are.
You've come so far.
Finish what you started,
Victor.
You have to protect
what you've built here.
It's honest.
It's real.
It -- It doesn't try to be
something that's not possible.
Do not throw it
all away for her.
♪♪
I'm not.
[Door closes]
Alicia!
Alicia: Strand.
Strand...
Hey, you alright?
The adrenaline -- I --
I think it's starting
to wear off.
Okay, alright.
I got you. I got you.
Come here.
Come on.
I didn't think
you'd come back for me.
Of course I would.
Last time I was in a fog
like this, I was with Will.
He could've left me
out there.
I gave him plenty of reasons to,
but he didn't.
Why?
'Cause he knew I was
trying to find you.
Wes:
I can't let you do this!Go, go, go!
[Gunfire]
♪♪
[Grunts] Go.
[Both panting]
♪♪
How much ammo do you have?Not enough.
[Gunfire]
Aah!
[Gunfire continue]
[Banging]Wes: Hey, Vic,
you coming out?
Or you gonna make us
come in there?
I'm sorry, Alicia.
[Panting]
Aaaah.
I wanted us
to have a clean slate.
to rebuild together.
I thought
we had more time.
You know, to heal,
to mend.
[Banging on door]
Last chance, Strand.
Will made me realize
something that
I should have told you
a long time ago.
That I love you,
Alicia.
You're the closest thing
to family that I have left.
That's what this was about.
That's what it was always about.
I just wanted to...
prove something to you.
I hoped that this place
would show you the --
the man that I am.
[Sighs]
Everything I've done,
everything that it's cost me...
...that it was
worth it...
because if it didn't...
then it was for nothing.
♪♪
Wes: Hands up.
[Sighs]
Please don't do this,
Wes.
Those people out there
don't deserve to die.
Neither do the ones
in here.
You might want to,
but you can't save everyone.
She says she would
call off her army.
All we have to do
is turn off that light.
You honestly still
believe that?Yes, I do.
You know, I was thinking
about the day we met.
And I told you
that people are people.
I thought you were
the exception to that rule.
But now I know no one is.
And I thought
you understood that,
which is why you kept her
far away from here.
It was a mistake.It wasn't.
This place won't be weaker
if we help people out there.
It will be stronger.
No, it won't.
I found this in her bag.
[Sighs]
What is that?A transmitter.
Now, out of all
the things
you could have brought in
with you, why that?
♪♪
I brought it
from the bunker.
I wanted to broadcast a message
from the roof.
What message?
There are people out there
that need help.
And they thought
they could find that with Padre.
There is no Padre.
At least,
not out there.
So, I thought I could use
the transmitter...
So you could
build Padre here.
♪♪
I told you
I'm not afraid to die.
♪♪
But this place...
will live long
after I'm gone.
She's lying to you,
just like Luciana
lied to Daniel.No!
That is why she wants
to go to the roof,
not because of the light.
She's just telling you
what she needs to,
so she can get
what she wants.
And what is that, Wes?!She sends that message,
she draws more people here,
and we don't stand a chance.
I told you,
if you don't protect this place,
I will.
No!
♪♪
I'm sorry, Alicia.
It's fine.
♪♪
[Gunshots][Gasps]
[Grunts]
Drop it.
♪♪
Daniel, are you okay?
I'm fine.
You need
to warn the others.
June, Grace, and Wendell --
they're locked
in an apartment
on the sixth floor.
Free them.
Then go down and tell everyone
to get away from the herd.
Do it...
and I'll kill her.
Wes...please.
I can't let you do it,
Alicia.
♪♪
I saved your life once.
We both did.
You believed in us
once before.
And I'm just asking you
to do the same thing...
[Grunts]
[Coughs]
[Groans]
[Gasps]
♪♪
Why would you do that?
The same reason I built
the Tower the way I did.
♪♪
So you wouldn't
have to.
♪♪
He wasn't gonna
stand down.
[Inhales sharply]
And we're running
out of time.
Let's go turn
that light off.
Alright, come on.
♪♪
[Walker growling]
She should've been out
by now.
We can't wait
much longer.
Luci's got a point.
As long as that thing's
a-spinnin',
skinbags'll be on us
like flies on a turd.
Wait.
Someone's coming.
♪♪
Wen...
You alright?
I'm better now, sis.
- What the hell is goin' on in
there? - How did you get pastthe Rangers?
Listen,
I don't have time to explain,
but we all need to get
back inside of the Tower now.
W-Where's Morgan?He did what you said.
He took her somewhere safe.Where?
We don't know yet.We need to hurry.
The dead
in the crater --
the beacon light
is drawing them here.
¿Estás seguroDaniel?
Sí.
No soy un mentiroso.
Well,
how far are they?
I'm not sure.
But Alicia and Strand
are turning
the light off as we speak.
Vic and AC are
on the same team?
What the hell
did we miss?
We can talk inside of the Tower.
Let's go.
Come on. Let's go.
You need to let me patch
that up, okay?
See Charlie first.
Charlie?
Strand trató de convencerme
de queCharlie esOphelia.
Siguiendo lo que
tu empezaste.
Lo siento mucho,Daniel.
¿Por qué lo hiciste?
Pensé que era
la única manera.
[Gunfire]
Move!
♪♪
They're on the roof!
[Walkers growling]
They're trying
to box us out!
♪♪
[Growling continues]
[Gunfire continues]
♪♪
Why are they
still shooting?
The Rangers guarding the tunnel
must have circled around.
They're sitting ducks.
♪♪
The walkers are almost here.
Turn it off.
I'll give them as much cover
as I can.
[Gunfire continues]
♪♪
Strand!
What are you doing?
What are you waiting for?
Turn it off.
You're never gonna forgive me,
are you?
What?
What are you
talking about?
Even if I turn it off,
even if I help you
save everyone,
the damage is
already done.
♪♪
We don't have time
for this.
♪♪
It was never
gonna be enough.
It was never gonna
make you love me!
It could've,
but you ruined it!
How?
By what you did to Wes!
I didn't have a choice!
Of course you did!
You always do!
And you always make
the wrong one!
I was trying
to save your life!
No, you were trying
to save yours!
And you didn't care
who you had to kill to do it!
That's not true!
♪♪
Alicia! Don't!
The person
you used to be --
the person you said
you wanted to forget --
that was never you!
♪♪
They're here.
[Walkers growling]
♪♪
[Screams]
What are you doing?
♪♪
[Whirs]
It's too late.
There's no way
out of here.
♪♪
There's one.
[Electricity crackles]
This is Alicia Clark.
[Breathing heavily]
If you're listening to this,
you're not alone.
The place you've been
looking for,
the place you've heard about,
PADRE, it's here --
the Tower.
Coordinates 29 degrees,
20 minutes, 14.1 seconds north,
94 degrees, 59 minutes,
25.7 seconds west.
[Walkers growling]
We're gonna build the new home
you've been looking for.
We can help you.
But, first...
we're gonna need
a little help from you.
[Electricity crackles]
♪♪
Alicia!
It's gonna spread
through the whole building.
No.
Alicia!
♪♪